README.md, before:

# Sunny

[![WordPress plugin](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/v/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/TypistTech/sunny/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TypistTech/sunny)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/TypistTech/sunny/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/TypistTech/sunny/?branch=master)
[![PHP Versions Tested](http://php-eye.com/badge/typisttech/sunny/tested.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/21576423/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/21576423)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/TypistTech/sunny.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/TypistTech/sunny)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/typisttech/sunny/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/typisttech/sunny)
[![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/)
[![Hire Typist Tech](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hire-Typist%20Tech-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/contact/)

Automatically purge CloudFlare cache, including cache everything rules.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  - [Via Manually Upload](#via-manually-upload)
  - [Via WP CLI](#via-wp-cli)
- [Developing](#developing)
- [Build from Source](#build-from-source)
- [Branches](#branches)
  - [Master](#master)
  - [Nightly](#nightly)
- [Support!](#support)
  - [Donate via PayPal *](#donate-via-paypal-)
  - [Why don't you hire me?](#why-dont-you-hire-me)
  - [Want to help in other way? Want to be a sponsor?](#want-to-help-in-other-way-want-to-be-a-sponsor)
- [Running the Tests](#running-the-tests)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
- [Change log](#change-log)
- [Security](#security)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->



This repository is a development version of [Sunny](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) intended to facilitate communication with developers. It is not stable and not intended for installation on production sites. 

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome.

If you are not a developer or you'd like to receive the stable release version and automatic updates, install it via [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) instead.



## Installation Instructions

If you are not a developer or you'd like to receive the stable release version and automatic updates, install it via [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) instead.



The `master` branch is not installable. Use the `nightly` branch instead. See [branches](#branches).

### Via Manually Upload

1. Download the built archive from [nightly branch](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/archive/nightly.zip)

2. Unzip it

3. Upload it to `wp-content/plugins/`

4. Go to the WordPress plugin menu and activate it



### Via WP CLI

1. `$ wp plugin install https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/archive/nightly.zip --activate`




## Developing

Before start hacking, you need both `composer ` and `yarn` installed. See:

- [getcomposer.org](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md)
- [yarnpkg.com](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)



To setup a developer workable version you should run these commands:

```bash
$ composer create-project --keep-vcs --no-install typisttech/sunny:dev-master
$ cd sunny
$ composer install
```



## Build from Source

This command build the plugin into `release/sunny.zip`.

```bash
$ composer build
```

Note: You need both `composer ` and `yarn` installed.




## Branches

### Master

The `master` branch is the main branch where the source code of `HEAD` always reflects a state with the latest delivered development changes for the next release. This is where the `nightly` branch is built from. Since we built this plugin with `composer` and `grunt`, this branch is not installable.

### Nightly

The `nightly` branch is built by TravisCI whenever the `master` branch is updated. Anything in the `nightly` branch is installable. See [installation instructions](#installation-instructions).



## Support!

### Donate via PayPal [![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/)

Love Sunny? Help me maintain Sunny, a [donation here](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/) can help with it. 

### Why don't you hire me?

Ready to take freelance WordPress jobs. Contact me via the contact form [here](https://www.typist.tech/contact/) or, via email [info@typist.tech](mailto:info@typist.tech)

### Want to help in other way? Want to be a sponsor? 

Contact: [Tang Rufus](mailto:tangrufus@gmail.com)



## Running the Tests

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) run tests on [Codeception](http://codeception.com/) and relies [wp-browser](https://github.com/lucatume/wp-browser) to provide WordPress integration.
Before testing, you have to install WordPress locally and add [*.suite.yml](http://codeception.com/docs/reference/Configuration) files.

See [*.suite.example.yml](/tests) for a [Varying Vagrant Vagrants](https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/) configuration example.

Actually run the tests:

``` bash
$ composer test
```

We also test all PHP files against [PSR-2: Coding Style Guide](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/) and part of the [WordPress coding standard](https://github.com/WordPress-Coding-Standards/WordPress-Coding-Standards).

Check the code style with ``$ composer check-style`` and fix it with ``$ composer fix-style``.



## Feedback

**Please provide feedback!** We want to make this library useful in as many projects as possible.
Please submit an [issue](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/issues/new) and point out what you do and don't like, or fork the project and make suggestions.
**No issue is too small.**



## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.



## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email sunny@typist.tech instead of using the issue tracker.



## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](.github/CONDUCT.md) for details.



## Credits

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) is a [Typist Tech](https://www.typist.tech) project and maintained by [Tang Rufus](https://twitter.com/Tangrufus), freelance developer for [hire](https://www.typist.tech/contact/).

Full list of contributors can be found [here](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/graphs/contributors).



## License

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) is licensed under the GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](http://www.fsf.org/).
Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add document about Sunny Purge Extra URLs Example

README.md, after:

# Sunny

[![WordPress plugin](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/v/sunny.svg)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/TypistTech/sunny/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/TypistTech/sunny)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/TypistTech/sunny/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/TypistTech/sunny/?branch=master)
[![PHP Versions Tested](http://php-eye.com/badge/typisttech/sunny/tested.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/TypistTech/sunny)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/21576423/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/21576423)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/TypistTech/sunny.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/TypistTech/sunny)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/typisttech/sunny/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/typisttech/sunny)
[![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/)
[![Hire Typist Tech](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hire-Typist%20Tech-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/contact/)

Automatically purge CloudFlare cache, including cache everything rules.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  - [Via Manually Upload](#via-manually-upload)
  - [Via WP CLI](#via-wp-cli)
- [Developing](#developing)
- [Build from Source](#build-from-source)
- [Branches](#branches)
  - [Master](#master)
  - [Nightly](#nightly)
- [Support!](#support)
  - [Donate via PayPal *](#donate-via-paypal-)
  - [Why don't you hire me?](#why-dont-you-hire-me)
  - [Want to help in other way? Want to be a sponsor?](#want-to-help-in-other-way-want-to-be-a-sponsor)
- [Running the Tests](#running-the-tests)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
- [Change log](#change-log)
- [Security](#security)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->



This repository is a development version of [Sunny](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) intended to facilitate communication with developers. It is not stable and not intended for installation on production sites. 

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome.

If you are not a developer or you'd like to receive the stable release version and automatic updates, install it via [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) instead.



## Installation Instructions

If you are not a developer or you'd like to receive the stable release version and automatic updates, install it via [WordPress.org](https://wordpress.org/plugins/sunny/) instead.



The `master` branch is not installable. Use the `nightly` branch instead. See [branches](#branches).

### Via Manually Upload

1. Download the built archive from [nightly branch](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/archive/nightly.zip)

2. Unzip it

3. Upload it to `wp-content/plugins/`

4. Go to the WordPress plugin menu and activate it



### Via WP CLI

1. `$ wp plugin install https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/archive/nightly.zip --activate`




## Developing

Before start hacking, you need both `composer ` and `yarn` installed. See:

- [getcomposer.org](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md)
- [yarnpkg.com](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)



To setup a developer workable version you should run these commands:

```bash
$ composer create-project --keep-vcs --no-install typisttech/sunny:dev-master
$ cd sunny
$ composer install
```



## Build from Source

This command build the plugin into `release/sunny.zip`.

```bash
$ composer build
```

Note: You need both `composer ` and `yarn` installed.



## Extending Sunny

Post related urls are filterable by `StrategyInterface` and `sunny_post_related_urls`. See examples on [Sunny Purge Extra URLs Example](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny-purge-extra-urls-example).



## Branches

### Master

The `master` branch is the main branch where the source code of `HEAD` always reflects a state with the latest delivered development changes for the next release. This is where the `nightly` branch is built from. Since we built this plugin with `composer` and `grunt`, this branch is not installable.

### Nightly

The `nightly` branch is built by TravisCI whenever the `master` branch is updated. Anything in the `nightly` branch is installable. See [installation instructions](#installation-instructions).



## Support!

### Donate via PayPal [![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/)

Love Sunny? Help me maintain Sunny, a [donation here](https://www.typist.tech/donate/sunny/) can help with it. 

### Why don't you hire me?

Ready to take freelance WordPress jobs. Contact me via the contact form [here](https://www.typist.tech/contact/) or, via email [info@typist.tech](mailto:info@typist.tech)

### Want to help in other way? Want to be a sponsor? 

Contact: [Tang Rufus](mailto:tangrufus@gmail.com)



## Running the Tests

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) run tests on [Codeception](http://codeception.com/) and relies [wp-browser](https://github.com/lucatume/wp-browser) to provide WordPress integration.
Before testing, you have to install WordPress locally and add [*.suite.yml](http://codeception.com/docs/reference/Configuration) files.

See [*.suite.example.yml](/tests) for a [Varying Vagrant Vagrants](https://varyingvagrantvagrants.org/) configuration example.

Actually run the tests:

``` bash
$ composer test
```

We also test all PHP files against [PSR-2: Coding Style Guide](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/) and part of the [WordPress coding standard](https://github.com/WordPress-Coding-Standards/WordPress-Coding-Standards).

Check the code style with ``$ composer check-style`` and fix it with ``$ composer fix-style``.



## Feedback

**Please provide feedback!** We want to make this library useful in as many projects as possible.
Please submit an [issue](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/issues/new) and point out what you do and don't like, or fork the project and make suggestions.
**No issue is too small.**



## Change log

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.



## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email sunny@typist.tech instead of using the issue tracker.



## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CONDUCT](.github/CONDUCT.md) for details.



## Credits

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) is a [Typist Tech](https://www.typist.tech) project and maintained by [Tang Rufus](https://twitter.com/Tangrufus), freelance developer for [hire](https://www.typist.tech/contact/).

Full list of contributors can be found [here](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny/graphs/contributors).



## License

[Sunny](https://github.com/TypistTech/sunny) is licensed under the GPLv2 (or later) from the [Free Software Foundation](http://www.fsf.org/).
Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
